feat(op): comprehensive metrics documentation (#37924)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/processors/generate_metrics.md

    ```
    See [parse_timestamp][7] for more information.

## Metrics

For the [component metrics][8] and [processor buffer metrics][9] emitted by all processors, see the Observability Pipelines Metrics documentation.

### Generate Metrics metrics

- Use the `component_id` tag to filter or group by individual components.

> - The `component_type` tag is `generate_metrics` for these metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `component_type` tag is `generate_metrics` for this processor's metrics.
```
